https://github.com/Mecademic/ROS

1.Install dependencies like

sudo apt-get install ros-noetic-moveit-setup-assistant
sudo apt install ros-noetic-moveit (To install moveit)
sudo apt-get install ros-noetic-gazebo-ros-control joint-state-publisher
sudo apt-get install ros-noetic-controller-manager
sudo apt-get install ros-noetic-ros-controllers
sudo apt-get install ros-noetic-ros-control
sudo apt-get install ros-noetic-robot-state-publisher

2. There is a step for adding a "virtual joint". If your robot model exported from solidworks, it will not be having a world joint for showing the relation of robot with world. So in that case please add a virtual joint. The parent frame name can be odom_combined/world. 
3. If you are having legacyMode error
legacyModeNS to true
in URDF
4. If the model is collapsing due to gravity, quick fix is increase mass of the base -specified in URDF
Prerequisites

    Configure ROS in an Ubuntu System
    Install dependencies for arm controllers
    Generated URDF 

5. If you are trying to edit moveit package and replace the generated URDF again, please me sure that the transmission codes repeated. Remove repeated ones in this case.
6. If there is some issue on loading(due to inertia), try removing inertia parameters and replace with generated urdf default inertia values- reference - Hand Gesture Control Video
7. If one particular controller is not loading successfully (there will be error log on gazebo terminal) , open ros_controllers.yaml ... if there is only one joint under a controller, "-" may be missing before the joint name

eg - 
gripper_controller:
type:-----
joints:

    panda_finger_joint


try adding "-" before the joint name of it is not there .. issue will be fixed

8. This issue is in ROS Noetic mainly
When you use Overrite URDF option while generating urdf one syntax will be wrong
Issue- Error  parse as old deprecated model file failed.
Error Code 4 Msg: Required attribute filename in element
is not specified in SDF.
Error Code 8 Msg: Error reading element plugin
Error Code 8 Msg: Error reading element model
Error Code 8 Msg: Error reading element sdf
Solution- add this line filename="libgazebo_ros_control.so" to         
plugin name gazebo_ros_control" filename libgazebo_ros_control.so"
in urdf




roslaunch moveit_setup_assistant setup_assistant.launch

